Exploratory Data Analysis Quiz 1 (JHU) Coursera
Question 1
    Which of the following is a principle of analytic graphics?
    
    Make judicious use of color in your scatterplots (NO)
    
    Don't plot more than two variables at at time (NO)
    
    Show box plots (univariate summaries) (NO)
    
    Only do what your tools allow you to do (NO)
    
    Show comparisons
    
    Answer Options:
    Integrate multiple modes of evidence
    Show comparisons
    Show causality, mechanism, explanation
    Describe and document the evidence

Question 2
    What is the role of exploratory graphs in data analysis?
    
    They are made for formal presentations.
    
    Only a few are constructed.
    
    They are typically made very quickly.
    
    Axes, legends, and other details are clean and exactly detailed.
    
    Answer Options:
    They are typically made very quickly.
    The goal is for personal understanding

Question 3
    Which of the following is true about the base plotting system?
    
    Plots are typically created with a single function call
    
    Margins and spacings are adjusted automatically depending on the type of plot and the data
    
    Plots are created and annotated with separate functions
    
    The system is most useful for conditioning plots
    
    Answer Options:
    Plots are created and annotated with separate functions

Question 4
    Which of the following is an example of a valid graphics device in R?
    
    A file folder (NO)
    
    The computer screen
    
    A Microsoft Word document (NO)
    
    A socket connection (NO)
    
    The keyboard (NO)
    
    Answer Options:
    The computer screen
    A PNG file

Question 5
    Which of the following is an example of a vector graphics device in R?
    
    GIF
    
    TIFF
    
    Postscript
    
    PNG
    
    JPEG
    
    Answer Options:
    Postscript or SVG

Question 6
    Bitmapped file formats can be most useful for
    
    Plots that require animation or interactivity
    
    Scatterplots with many many points
    
    Plots that may need to be resized
    
    Plots that are not scaled to a specific resolution
    
    Answer:
    Scatterplots with many many points

Question 7
    Which of the following functions is typically used to add elements to a plot in the base graphics system?
    
    hist()
    
    plot()
    
    text()
    
    boxplot()
    
    Answer Options:
    text() or points()

Question 8
    Which function opens the screen graphics device on Windows?

    postscript()
    
    windows()
    
    jpeg()
    
    xfig()
    
    Answer:
    windows()

Question 9
    What does the 'pch' option to par() control?
    
    the size of the plotting symbol in a scatterplot
    
    the plotting symbol/character in the base graphics system
    
    the orientation of the axis labels on the plot
    
    the line width in the base graphics system
    
    Answer:
    the plotting symbol/character in the base graphics system

Question 10
    If I want to save a plot to a PDF file, which of the following is a correct way of doing that?
    
    Construct the plot on the screen device and then copy it to a PDF file with dev.copy2pdf()
    
    Construct the plot on the PNG device with png(), then copy it to a PDF with dev.copy2pdf().
    
    Open the screen device with quartz(), construct the plot, and then close the device with dev.off().
    
    Open the PostScript device with postscript(), construct the plot, then close the device with dev.off().
    
    Answer:
    Construct the plot on the screen device and then copy it to a PDF file with dev.copy2pdf()